chore: move hyper to a newer MSRV (#4983)
aws/s2n-tls: bindings/README.md

Reviewer: This readme is oriented specifically towards the rust bindings. I'm not sure it should be in the bindings directory?

Generating rust bindings can be accomplished by running the `generate.sh` script:

```
$ ./bindings/rust/extended/generate.sh
```

This script generates the low-level bindings in the crate `s2n-tls-sys`, which is used by the `s2n-tls` crate to provide higher-level bindings.
See [s2n-tls-sys](https://github.com/aws/s2n-tls/blob/main/bindings/rust/s2n-tls-sys/README.md) for more information on `s2n-tls-sys` crate.

## Minimum Supported Rust Version (MSRV)

> There are three workspaces, with slightly different MSRV policies, to keep broad support for the bindings, while allowing newer MSRV for integrations, like `s2n-tls-hyper`.

Reviewer: Aren't there two workspaces? standard and extended?

Also nit, but this sentence is kind of running on. Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
There are two rust bindings workspaces that have different MSRV policies. Crates in `standard` maintain a rolling MSRV policy of at least 6 months. Crates in `extended` maintain an older MSRV for increased support.
```

### Extended

> The current MSRV for `s2n-tls`, `s2n-tls-sys` and `s2n-tls-tokio` is [1.63.0][msrv-url].

Reviewer: The placeholder [msrv-url] is still here.
